Port MASTG-TEST-0064: Testing Local Authentication (ios) (#3256)
OWASP/owasp-mastg: demos/ios/MASVS-AUTH/MASTG-DEMO-0045/MASTG-DEMO-0045.md

id: MASTG-DEMO-0045
code: [swift]
test: MASTG-TEST-0270
---

### Sample

> The following sample checks whether the app uses a biometric authentication API that detects the addition of a new biometric in the system settings after the application adds an entry to the keychain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following sample uses the `kSecAccessControlBiometryAny` flag, which is part of the biometric authentication API and can allow unauthorized access. This flag does not ensure that the associated keychain item becomes inaccessible when changes are made to the biometric database (e.g., when a new fingerprint or face is added). Consequently, users who enroll their biometric data after the item is created can unlock it.
```
